.gitignore
.prospector.yaml
.pylintrc
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
CONTRIBUTING.md
LICENSE
NOTICE.md
README.md
SECURITY.md
SVG_ICON_USAGE_GUIDE.md
_version.py
mypy.ini
pyproject.toml
.github/Github Screenshots/Screenshot 2025-05-26 at 19.43.10.png
.github/Github Screenshots/Screenshot 2025-05-26 at 19.43.21.png
.github/Github Screenshots/Screenshot 2025-05-26 at 19.43.31.png
.github/Github Screenshots/Screenshot 2025-05-26 at 19.43.39.png
.github/Github Screenshots/Screenshot 2025-05-26 at 19.43.49.png
.github/Github Screenshots/Screenshot 2025-05-26 at 19.44.11.png
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md
.github/workflows/claude-code-review.yml
.github/workflows/claude.yml
.github/workflows/codacy.yml
.github/workflows/dependency-review.yml
.github/workflows/greetings.yml
.github/workflows/pytest.yml
.github/workflows/python-publish.yml
.github/workflows/stale.yml
.github/workflows/summary.yml
config/rules.toml
dataset_tools/__init__.py
dataset_tools/access_disk.py
dataset_tools/background_operations.py
dataset_tools/comfyui_node_dictionary.json
dataset_tools/correct_types.py
dataset_tools/dispatcher.py
dataset_tools/display_formatter.py
dataset_tools/event_handlers.py
dataset_tools/file_operations.py
dataset_tools/logger.py
dataset_tools/main.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine.py.legacy
dataset_tools/metadata_parser.py
dataset_tools/metadata_utils.py.legacy
dataset_tools/model_tool.py
dataset_tools/rule_evaluator.py
dataset_tools/test_comfyui_analyzer.py
dataset_tools/ui_layout.py
dataset_tools/ui_widgets.py
dataset_tools/widgets.py
dataset_tools/analysis/data_models.py
dataset_tools/analysis/features.py
dataset_tools/config/rules.toml
dataset_tools/file_readers/__init__.py
dataset_tools/file_readers/image_metadata_reader.py
dataset_tools/file_readers/schema_file_reader.py
dataset_tools/file_readers/text_file_reader.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/__init__.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/context_preparation.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/engine.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/field_extraction.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/parser_registry.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/rule_engine.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/template_system.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/utils.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/extractors/__init__.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/extractors/a1111_extractors.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/extractors/civitai_extractors.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/extractors/comfyui_extractors.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/extractors/comfyui_workflow_analyzer.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/extractors/direct_extractors.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/extractors/json_extractors.py
dataset_tools/metadata_engine/extractors/regex_extractors.py
dataset_tools/model_parsers/__init__.py
dataset_tools/model_parsers/base_model_parser.py
dataset_tools/model_parsers/gguf_parser.py
dataset_tools/model_parsers/safetensors_parser.py
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/ComfyUI_Debug.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/ComfyUI_JPEG_EXIF.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/ComfyUI_Simple.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/Forge_WebUI.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/TensorArt.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/a1111_webui.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/a1111_webui_generic.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/a1111_wildcard_template.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/a1111_working.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/camera_photography.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/civitai_a1111_style.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/civitai_api.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/civitai_comfyui.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/comfyroll_parser.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/comfyui.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/comfyui_a1111_sampler_enhanced.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/comfyui_a1111_sampler_output.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/comfyui_advanced_sampling.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/comfyui_custom_ecosystem.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/comfyui_flux_gguf_style.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/comfyui_flux_kontext.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/comfyui_generic.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/comfyui_stable_cascade.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/drawthings.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/easydiffusion.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/flux_bfl_exif.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/foocus.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/gemini_google_ai.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/graphics_workflow.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/hidream_parser_json.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/hybrid_a1111_comfyui_parser.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/invokeai_dream_format.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/invokeai_invoke_metadata.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/invokeai_sd_metadata.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/midjourney.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/novelai_legacy_png.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/novelai_stealth_png.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/pil_standard_image_info.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/pixart_sigma_enhanced.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/pixart_sigma_parser.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/ruined_fooocus.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/sd_next.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/simple_comfyui_parser.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/stable_cascade_parser.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/t5_detection_a1111_format.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/t5_detection_system.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/tensorart_comfyui.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/topaz_gigapixel.json
dataset_tools/parser_definitions/yodayo.json
dataset_tools/ui/__init__.py
dataset_tools/ui/components.py
dataset_tools/ui/dialogs.py
dataset_tools/ui/icon_manager.py
dataset_tools/ui/main_window.py
dataset_tools/ui/managers.py
dataset_tools/ui/widgets.py
dataset_tools/ui/widgets_old.py
dataset_tools/ui/icons/arrow-down-z-a-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/arrow-down-z-a-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/arrow-up-a-z-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/arrow-up-a-z-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/clock-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/clock-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/copy-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/copy-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/face-grin-hearts-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/face-grin-hearts-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/file-lines-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/file-lines-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/filter-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/filter-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/folder-open-regular.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/folder-open-regular.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/folder-open-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/folder-open-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/folder-open.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/folder-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/folder-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/folder-tree-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/folder-tree-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/gear-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/gear-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/gears-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/gears-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/gift-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/gift-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/globe-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/globe-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/icons-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/icons-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/image-multiple.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/language-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/language-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/maximize-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/maximize-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/minimize-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/minimize-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/newspaper-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/newspaper-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/palette-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/palette-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/paperclip-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/paperclip-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/pen-to-square-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/pen-to-square-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/pencil-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/pencil-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/power-off-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/power-off-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/rectangle-xmark-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/rectangle-xmark-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/rotate-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/rotate-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/ui/icons/sort-alphabetical.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/wand-magic-sparkles-solid.svg
dataset_tools/ui/icons/wand-magic-sparkles-solid.svg.backup
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/__init__.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/constants.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/image_data_reader.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/logger.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/__init__.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/a1111.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/base_format.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/civitai.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/comfyui.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/drawthings.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/easydiffusion.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/flux_format.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/fooocus.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/forge_format.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/invokeai.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/midjourney.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/mochi_diffusion.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/novelai.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/ruinedfooocus.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/swarmui.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/tensorart.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/utility.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/format/yodayo.py
dataset_tools/vendored_sdpr/resources/__init__.py
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2024-12-26 at 20.35.43.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2024-12-26 at 21.29.56.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-01-22 at 12.40.23.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-01-22 at 12.42.58.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-01-22 at 12.52.22.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-01-22 at 12.52.36.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-01-22 at 12.53.01.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-01-22 at 12.57.32.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-01-26 at 10.44.34.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-01-26 at 11.01.19.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-01-26 at 11.02.43.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-01-26 at 11.43.37.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-01-26 at 11.44.10.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-01-29 at 22.13.04.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-02-11 at 11.58.52.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-03 at 17.33.39.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-03 at 19.40.41.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-03 at 20.25.39.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-03 at 20.25.58.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-03 at 20.26.06.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-03 at 20.26.45.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-03 at 20.27.00.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-04 at 20.29.45.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-04 at 20.30.07.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-04 at 20.30.21.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-04 at 20.30.33.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-04 at 20.30.53.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-04 at 20.31.25.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-19 at 16.33.02.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-19 at 16.56.07.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-19 at 16.56.29.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-19 at 16.56.58.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-06-19 at 16.57.14.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-07-06 at 11.58.20.png
dev-screenshots/Screenshot 2025-07-06 at 11.58.29.png
dev-screenshots/ui-ux_research/Screenshot 2025-06-28 at 13.12.19.png
dev-screenshots/ui-ux_research/Screenshot 2025-06-28 at 22.52.34.png
dev-screenshots/ui-ux_research/Screenshot 2025-06-28 at 22.52.42.png
dev-screenshots/ui-ux_research/Screenshot 2025-06-28 at 22.52.49.png
dev-screenshots/ui-ux_research/Screenshot 2025-06-28 at 22.52.54.png
kn_dataset_tools.egg-info/PKG-INFO
kn_dataset_tools.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
kn_dataset_tools.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
kn_dataset_tools.egg-info/entry_points.txt
kn_dataset_tools.egg-info/requires.txt
kn_dataset_tools.egg-info/top_level.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/invalid_schema.json
tests/invalid_schema.toml
tests/test_access_disk.py
tests/test_img.png
tests/test_md_ps.py
tests/test_text_latin1.txt
tests/test_ui.py